for you as an actor what's it like
getting your grandma she's strong she's
she's smart she's edgy she's contained
she's great at her job she's the person
who is giving the technical data that to
the people that are out on the field
right it's it's awesome it's awesome to
play this this amazingly strong woman
with Grimm and Sam there's you know
there's a there's a pretty detailed
history but talk to me about the
relationship
specifically in blacklist how Sam and
Grimm get along or or maybe don't in a
way I feel like Grimm is kind of a
goody-goody Sam you know doesn't
necessarily play by the same rules you
know and and of course that's where
you're gonna fight heads Sam and Grimm
go back you know over ten years right so
the history is as you know very
convoluted I think that there is a
definite mutual respect I know that Sam
is darn good at what he does I also know
that there are logistical ways to do
things that make sense to me I'm very
analytical it's not-- this plus this
equals this this is what we've been
instructed to do so therefore we must do
this this is the highest risk so no we
shouldn't do that we should do this and
Sam seems to operate more from an
instinctual place you give the signal my
contact part's a safe house it'll be a
clear run at copán
Louis looks easy on a screen to be clear
Sam we are talking about an extraction
not killing him grim is that real little
sister scrappiness that no this is I'm
gonna be heard and this is what it is
now that comes out in full force a lot
with Charlie she doesn't think she needs
him she doesn't think that fourth
echelon needs him Charlie operates very
much from his heart he kind of isn't
quite as familiar with this kind of
environment as the rest of the team so
there's that sort of mothering thing
going on you know it's Charlie no get to
work
go stop thinking stop feeling go and get
your job done you know with Briggs
there's just a basic mutual respect you
know I've got his back I know he's got
my back don't pat yourself on the back
charlie we got lucky we slept together a
mission based on hunches
right
that's why we won't waste time playing
defense this is I would imagine pretty
surreal of an experience talk to me
about you know how it the theatrics of
being in a game of this extent the first
time I walked into the volume I was
quite intimidated because you know these
really big things are happening high
stakes lives at risk you know people you
care about are in danger and you're on
this mission to sort of save the world
and yet there's nothing here except you
and your fellow actors you become
completely unaware that there's 80 mocap
cameras that are following sort of every
move that you make playing grim has been
the highlight of my career